Magan G.: Hello, can
Gwenevere Abriel: You hear and see me okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Here and see CNC see in here.
Magan G.: Okay, now, now I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring them all and seek
Magan G.: Yes. Why are you in a different space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm like, totally in Santa Fe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Welcome
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really well. Oh my gosh, I just really enjoying this. I don't know how long they'll be here, but I'm telling everybody that
Gwenevere Abriel: I got that my texting to work with some help from friends and family.
Gwenevere Abriel: A pretty black like Wi Fi zone, like in the middle of nowhere here today off 14 somewhere. Don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so if some if you try to reach me in 19 like I don't respond well will be intentional.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because there's some challenges, feel free. Sometimes I can call sometimes I can't for myself. So we can always go email, we can, you can always reach me also by calling her health or logging in with
Gwenevere Abriel: A she's having Wi Fi issues in color now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, that kind of thing. I want you guys to know
Magan G.: Okay.
Magan G.: What if I want to, like, go and have a drink with you. Just kidding. I'm just kidding.
I
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you know, it's interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: That last year.
Magan G.: When I
Gwenevere Abriel: Got here. What city are you in
Magan G.: Albuquerque.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your now and coffee. Okay, so I go, I've already been in Albuquerque.
Magan G.: Nice. Aside from the airplane.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here for various reasons.
Magan G.: And I work at the airport and 911 dispatch and you didn't even see me.
Magan G.: Come say hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gosh, sorry.
Magan G.: When is your flight back
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry, I don't know. It's about two weeks from now, but I'm not sure what I'm going to be doing well.
Magan G.: If you're in the airport. Maybe I can actually say hello to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, right. And what I've done. About a year ago, is I I did some couples therapy with some clients. My heart health clients and I also did some individual therapy. It was really wild Megan. It was so weird, because what it feels like.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is why it is. It's like meeting me for the first time and almost like you've known me forever like it's a both. It's like, I know you, but I've never met you I know you, but I've never met you. It's really weird.
Magan G.: Are our. Am I allowed to do that with you. Am I love to meet with you for a session. Uh huh. Let's I want to do that. Can we
Gwenevere Abriel: Do
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I don't know where I don't have an office here, but we
Magan G.: Could you can come to my house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let me figure out. I've been going to Albuquerque a lot
Magan G.: Well, I can meet you halfway to or something if that helps. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no, uh, Dr. Raphael has a really fun car to drive. And I'm all like posh and like, yeah, totally drive anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Money, money, money, I don't have money.
Magan G.: Like it
Magan G.: But I look like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, um, yeah, I'm happy to drive. It's fun. I'm going to definitely get a ticket, though, I'm going to get a ticket.
Magan G.: It's good. Yeah, and state state really monitor that road. So be careful. I've dispatched many officers on calls out there. So they really monitor I 40 south and northbound
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's where I am, too, I think. I think I'm North and South, I take some kind of 14 then
Magan G.: You take the 1444 and
Magan G.: Then you get on I 40 in your head shelf.
Magan G.: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty I go pretty way lots of little hills and, oh man, those hills are fun. Oh.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get. I get the accelerator.
Magan G.: Your family with you to today.
Gwenevere Abriel: So my family. Yeah, so
Magan G.: Oh, that's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. So, okay, you think about that. I would love it but it will feel
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm dancing like
Gwenevere Abriel: Really intense to see me face to face.
Magan G.: Okay.
Magan G.: You'd have to. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll be like
Gwenevere Abriel: She's real
Magan G.: She's, she's alive.
Magan G.: She's a real boy. No. Okay. Well, it is a very weird to meet you in person. But I mean, maybe I the first thing that comes to my brain is. I wonder if I am Dr will feel different.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I brought my buzzers. I brought my little buzzers.
Magan G.: So, that's perfect.
Magan G.: So I can actually do
Magan G.: And I've done it with the buzzers before where you have it in your hand. Yeah. And I just would like that's the first thing that comes to my brain is, I wonder what it would feel like.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we can create a whole create
Gwenevere Abriel: Session will create more time.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll, we'll keep talking, trying to create time so that you have privacy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: We can use because I have the headphones to so you'll have both. Not only will you have left and right stimulation, which is good and distracting if it needs to be nice and distracting, so that these other things can can emerge.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and you'll have the buzzers in your hand to so we'll have both. And I can also do because I remember I do
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the attachment, em, Dr. So if you decide, and you say, Yes, let's do this. You may know of course touches like, well, maybe you like that. I can also do right on the outside of your knees.
Magan G.: Oh, that sounds very interesting because I have an issue, you know. So I wonder what that would be like
Magan G.: You know, like that would be a very intense session from beginning to end, but I'm I'm open to doing it. I will give it a go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So play around with some ideas about when I'm
Magan G.: Off on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay off on Mondays. Yeah.
Magan G.: Oh wait, I have testing for BC, so that day.
Magan G.: But I am off on Monday. So, which means I'll be awake during Tuesday on Tuesday during the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I'm gonna write a little note.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now.
Magan G.: I can still meet you on Friday. It'll just be like, I get out of work and I can come and meet you
Gwenevere Abriel: So friday so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got thing I've got this training this thing. It's an eight month long training.
Magan G.: Oh, that's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's just happens to be June 5 and June six. Now I did. I booked someone at seven in the morning. I still working out the numbers.
Gwenevere Abriel: The actual time is 930 Pacific time and we're an hour later, I think over here. So that's 1030 here. So that's 1030 here this center here this center year started so
Magan G.: All
Gwenevere Abriel: So, well, I can't do it visually right now, but I can't tell if I can keep that 8am. Because if it's if it's nine o'clock here.
Magan G.: It's five o'clock somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happy hour so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay it's it really i'm open
Magan G.: To even like staying awake after work, because I know that this is like a once a one time deal so I'm really want to take advantage of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And I'm also thinking about the weekend, too.
Magan G.: Because that might yeah I can meet you on the weekend as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's. Why don't we not spend all our time doing that, we will figure it out because this is going to take a little bit of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your texting and through
Gwenevere Abriel: Will orchestrate something maybe even through email.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, again, text you again if I text you or you text me and we don't hearing from each other. It might, because I'm in this twilight zone in here.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then to how your week has been what you've liked about what you've done, who you've been kind of what it's
Magan G.: Like to be, um, it's been a stressful week
Magan G.: Last night, one of the girls that started. She was just having a really tough time and honest Headley just had no business being a dispatcher. She was let go. So that was pretty intense. While we were all there. And it just turned in.
Gwenevere Abriel: She was like,
Magan G.: Yeah, the older lady. She was very nice, but
Magan G.: It was really sad. And it was just like everybody was like the night shift, we're pretty chill gang like we're very chill and like the day shift is all stoic and and
Magan G.: And not interpersonal don't communicate. They just hate each other the swing shift is drama like drama up the Yang and
Magan G.: The night shift is really just chill. It's like a secret that nobody knows about but night shift is like the chilliest most easiest shift to do
Magan G.: But nobody knows it because it's physically hard, but it's not. It's, it's, yeah. But anyway, we're really chill and that definitely switched up the mood last night.
Magan G.: That was pretty intense. And I felt really bad for her and I wanted to like help her. But gosh told me that I needed to, you know, step, step down and just stay out of it because she kept trying to pull me in as somebody to back her up or validate her
Magan G.: And I it was putting me in a predicament. So, and I didn't want to be stuck in the middle. So I, I respectfully listened to my boss and but it was hard, because I just wanted to. I wanted to just
Magan G.: Help her. I just even just to say some kind words to her and tell her that, you know, perhaps this is just God's way of saying
Magan G.: This isn't your something else you know something does anything, but I couldn't. And I just, it, it bothered me because she was right there in front of me. It's not over the phone. Yeah.
Magan G.: And I know what it feels like. So that I'm dealing with
Magan G.: My boss told me that apparently somebody went to the head boss and told them that I'm starting a pattern of calling out on Saturdays.
Magan G.: So I went through my call outs and I have two Saturdays that I called out one was when Jared was not well. And the second one. When was the nine when I was not well. And it was actually four weeks apart.
Magan G.: So, yet again, it's somebody else trying to look for something that isn't there, and my my supervisor, Josh. He validated it and said, yeah, there's, there's no issue here.
Magan G.: Because it all reflects in our, in our schedule. There's no way that you can ship it.
Magan G.: Right and
Magan G.: I'm everybody wants to know if I'm leaving and
Magan G.: Stephanie apparently wants my shift.
Gwenevere Abriel: They got wind that you're
Magan G.: Uh huh. Yeah.
Magan G.: They've gotten
Magan G.: Happen. I have no idea. I don't know how it happened. But even like officers know so I don't know if officers from BC. So communicate with each other or what but I yeah so
Magan G.: It's impacting me because I'm I feel like, Okay, I know this sounds awful. But I don't want Stephanie to when
Magan G.: I'm working on letting that go and not letting that be my focus, but she like she wants my schedule. She wants to the Sunday off she wants to work nights, because a lot of the younger officers work at night and just a lot of her behavior is just to get me out in every way.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think, I think you should stay at this job and protect everyone that you work with Stephanie. What's your first response to that.
Magan G.: It's not my job.
That's right.
Magan G.: That's not my job.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Know who we got Stephanie, there'll be the Stephanie's there's going to be a new Stephanie where you're going and we're going to get ready for or a him if they're going to be all over
Magan G.: Yeah, well, so then that happened, and like I guess my head boss was asking my supervisor. If I was leaving
Magan G.: And all he said was that
Magan G.: I apply, but that he had no word of me leaving or not.
Magan G.: And I guess he spoke highly of me in that meeting. He said that the way that I apologize to Stephanie that day, and that you remember when I did that mock thing.
Magan G.: I guess.
Magan G.: That stuck with him and he was very impressed by my taking being the bigger person and just trying to squash it
Magan G.: And that he also reviewed the footage of that incident of the chair thing and it blatantly shows, even though she was the one who initiated the investigation that she was the aggressor and she hit me with the chair so
Magan G.: Even if I don't stay I at least know that
Magan G.: I'm that I'm leaving on good terms with my boss and perhaps if I need to in the future when things are whatever they need to be if I need to return or choose your turn that door is still open for me. Right. That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no sort of negative feeling from from folks over there.
Magan G.: Like oh
Gwenevere Abriel: You're leaving us, none of that.
Magan G.: I'm just Stephanie and Sydney. They're there. The negatives. Everybody else is saying.
Magan G.: Omega, and you're going to do so good over there, you're, you're, you've excelled here and there's no reason why you want Excel there.
Magan G.: I know you're worried about the economy right now and Colvin and going through probation again. And you're going, and going through another year of probation and training, but you can do it if anybody can do it. You can do it. I'm getting a lot of encouragement like
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow.
Magan G.: A lot of James and Josh and Julie and even are there people from swing shift are all like, I really think you're going to do well there because I
Magan G.: I, they say, I'm good at police dispatch so
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh. Are you surprised by all of this piece.
Magan G.: I am a little bit surprised and I'm a little uncomfortable. I don't know how to just take a compliment and say thank you.
Magan G.: I want to just analyze it and be like, What's your ulterior motive. Why are you saying this to me, like what is what. What are you looking for are you
Magan G.: Are you wanting something in return. Are you wanting a compliment. Are you are you reaching for something from me. Do you have. Do you want personal 49
Magan G.: Are you trying to get in good with me. That is the first like all those things go through my head before I could even accept the fact that it was just a compliment. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's nuts. Not unlike the guard that you have up all the time, are you analyzing what people are saying, so just
Magan G.: Sinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Today, just, just a little quick memorized.
Magan G.: Thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a little mixed feelings about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you thank you and oh yeah I'm excited. I have some mixed feelings about it. I'm not sure I don't have the job. Yeah, I don't even know. Have you ever and then come up with a question. You can redirect it to them.
Magan G.: Yeah, I definitely wanted to give that a go. I'm going to try that. Because, and I just don't know how to respond and
Gwenevere Abriel: Guys, it just memorize that, and then turn the question on their shoulder so it's off of you.
Magan G.: Yeah, and that's so much better for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah. Oh.
Magan G.: I'm much happier with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hot potato, you go
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You stay on topic. Have you ever been like this to like you want to work two jobs at the same time. And then they answer and then you should let them answer.
Magan G.: Oh, and it's kind of feels that way, like I i want to stay for because I'm worried like, what if I leave and
Magan G.: I miss an opportunity to be a supervisor. I'm going to lose seniority. I've gained seniority there the economy's awful covert is awful.
Magan G.: Probation is awful. I just all those things are going through my head, but then I think about why did I apply in the first place.
Magan G.: I applied because I want to excel. I want to better myself. I want to better myself, for my family. I want to make more money from my family. I want to take care of my family. I want to take care of.
Magan G.: Me, I want to be happy in the most way that I can be and
Magan G.: I'm always up for new adventure and. But what if I'm making a mistake, you know, and all these things are happening and I haven't even been offered the job yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: All you've got, and I know it would be lovely to have certainty. I wish I could hand it to you in an envelope. I would hand it to all of you that want certainty and frankly, I would take five of those envelopes myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unfortunately, all you've got is you've got
Magan G.: My gut.
Sorry.
Magan G.: Clear enough
Magan G.: In my gut. I feel like, can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I sure can.
Magan G.: Okay, in my gut. I feel like I am going to take this test, and I'm going to do great at it and I am going to get a job offer.
Magan G.: That is what I feel in my gut.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Me too. And this thing where you say, all things being pretty equal it tips the scale because you believe, which you're not omnipotent. None of us are
Magan G.: That there is entity.
Gwenevere Abriel: For more growth for you at this other position if it's offered if it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: And hands in the air and you go, Well, I tried. We'll see what pops up. Maybe it wasn't meant to be same way. This woman was told by you.
Gwenevere Abriel: We, you know, we push only so hard to the universe. And then when it pushes back, they gotta wonder is it pushing back because it's not where I'm supposed to be.
Magan G.: Exactly. And so if I do not get an offer and it doesn't work out, then at least you know i i tried. I'm going to a four hour test on Monday. So I'm putting in effort. I'm putting in time.
Magan G.: And and if it doesn't work out, then maybe something better will come along later on. Now it's just not the time. And I need to hold fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know what else
Gwenevere Abriel: Your boss your boss is know
Gwenevere Abriel: They're about to lose their like one of their best. And so it's not there. It's on the radar.
Magan G.: I sure hope so because I I work so hard. There
Magan G.: I tried to be a good team player. I try to volunteer and help people out
Magan G.: I, I will take somebody else's mandate, because they have something going on that's important, and I need the money it benefits me as well. But I always try to look out for the greater good, and unfortunately I'm in a market of business market that is not like that at all and
Magan G.: I
Magan G.: I feel like I'm the irregular one
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you're probably Megan, you're probably always going to feel like an outsider.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Everywhere. Yeah, everywhere. That's, that's part of the
Magan G.: Enemy
Gwenevere Abriel: Will I ever belong, where it's my tribe, where is it, where do I belong. I don't understand why am I the odd one out that may follow you.
Magan G.: Forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, forever, but you can flip it because the truth of the matter is, you do have a tribe you do actually. You have your family.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have people that you find interesting to people that you like we just flip it around, you know, your younger version was
Gwenevere Abriel: Here you are defined by the opinions and judgments of others. But as you grow more and more into yourself into your authentic self. You're going to define what your tribe is and where you're happy is is you're going to look around and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, I'm actually happy all by myself or I like these five people.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are these are my people and and and maybe the tribe is the fact that you're, you're, you can move into some lick. Get in. Get out and not get hung up on the rotations of them you can get along anywhere.
Magan G.: Well, I've been noticing like
Magan G.: I had a I talked to my dad last night for a few hours. That was pretty intense and there was just more drama as usual brought up about me and my sister and what she thinks. And it was just more crap that I don't need and
Magan G.: I've been talking to some old friends from. Well, I've known one girl since middle school. She was Scott's girlfriend. And that's how I know her, and
Magan G.: She
Magan G.: I've known her since I was in the sixth grade and she's always been. We've always been close but
Magan G.: She's a person
Magan G.: I was talking to Andrew and I was telling him I feel like everybody in my life.
Magan G.: Is only out for themselves. They only care about themselves, they, you know, I had a conversation with her for
Magan G.: Multiple times over the last two months and she's never once asked how I'm doing what's going on with me. Am I okay. And it's not just her. I feel like so many people in my life are like that.
Magan G.: And it's draining.
Magan G.: And I hate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to do it differently, or do you wear this is this one.
Magan G.: Well, I want to do it differently. I know it's probably going to sting but sad.
Thing.
Magan G.: To say state say the sting, and I'll get it. As usual, I need to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The irony is
Gwenevere Abriel: We choose to be offended.
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch it, they're still being rude, but everything stays the same. They stay self centered they stay self interested they stay in their drama triangle moving between victim persecutor and hero they continue to move through there and we step out
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at it and choose not to be offended. And the second you do that. The second you say, wow. Oh, good grief. He didn't even ask me how I'm doing. You just told me it was a half hour and you already talked about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do I only draw these kind of people in and yes it's tempting to go back to that. But you don't don't drop in to the drama triangle being a victim you step out and you can look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't feel like being offended. I want to have a happy day. I don't want to be offended.
Magan G.: But OK, so don't be offended. Don't be a I totally get what you're saying.
Magan G.: But how
Gwenevere Abriel: Sister drama, drama, like this.
Magan G.: Right. Yeah, but like
Magan G.: Do you remove them from your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, no, no, just in your head. All you do is
Gwenevere Abriel: What it is. So here's the circling like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Comic Con. My dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has been sister dramas spinning. All they do is we they're worried about themselves worry, worry, worry, worry they forget to ask you how you're doing. And God forbid they actually don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Care, who knows. We'll never be in their head, but then they go from the outside. All we know is you did not hear them. So that's all you know for sure there was no asking, how you feeling it's going is
Magan G.: Nothing about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you decide to get hit by this and it hits you, and you decide whether you want to get in it and being a victim role or you stay out. You watch it going
Magan G.: Yeah, I know. I don't want to be in the victim role.
Magan G.: And and in my friendships and
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to
Magan G.: How do you step back, like how do you say like eat like for example when my husband, or somebody that I'm very close to, how can I not be, how do I step back and not
Magan G.: Be in invested
Magan G.: And say I choose not to engage
Gwenevere Abriel: You do it like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: No matter what you're going to feel at first. There's no bypassing that you're going to notice the threat. You'll notice that might
Gwenevere Abriel: Come under review. You're going to feel it, you probably feel it in the body is the stomach, the throat, the chest, it will it will the jaw, it will have a response and you go up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, ouch. Okay. Wait, no, I don't want to feel that
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to step back and see they are speaking they are doing from their point of view.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're doing their storyline. I have mine. I don't want it. I don't have a father is this is going to take 45 minutes or so and take a week me feeling bad and insulted and hurt. I don't have the time for this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I that's all going on in your head, you just look at it and you go look at that and now you can see it as if a therapist, we're looking at it from a distance.
Magan G.: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: See it, but it has nothing to do with you. They're just talking about some character in the play on up on stage with the name Meghan Oh yeah, Megan, right, right, right, right, right. Oh, yeah. Okay. So show. Okay.
Magan G.: Because I'm How are your needs.
Magan G.: Ever met at all. Beyond the disinterested beyond because we are social beings, we are
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so first of all, do they look like they have anything to give you when they're doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. And why would you go in that cyclone. Why would you go in there.
Magan G.: I don't know because it's it's familiar
Magan G.: They don't really
Gwenevere Abriel: You. That's right. Well, you're such a you know all the right words you just you're getting it girl. That's right. So what, who, who does know what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who knows what they want.
Magan G.: Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. And so you look at this, this is what you think is your resource. This is where all the resources are. This is where love is. But look at the
Familiar
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really not available to you right then. Now, if it slows down enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Where he's calm and he's available to you. Maybe you'll decide to ask for a piece of that resource and like a little attention. I'd like a little reassurance. Can I process. You know, my job really kind of torn between these two. Maybe he's available or you could
Get
Magan G.: My asked if you do step out in this situation and you choose not to engage in the behavior.
Magan G.: Are you actively listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but you're looking at it as if it's up on a stage you're in the audience, you're looking at it.
Magan G.: As like a plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're just went and there's a character Megan and look at these two sisters. Look at this one blaming that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at, look at Megan She staying chill. In fact, she's like in that
Gwenevere Abriel: That meeting at work. Look at her. She's, she's can i can see her. She's playing her she's taken on a granted to truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's true. She did withdraw a little bit just trying to protect yourself because it's freaking crazy. Yeah, I see here. I see. Are there who she looks so chill the CO calm, she is. She's taken care of herself. Look at her breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, she's washing her poor sister. She hasn't done the growing. She's not growing up. She's still doing what she's always done. That's kind of sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's not going to get her needs met, either. She's going to keep this chaos going
Gwenevere Abriel: On look at Megan Oh she's kind of she's kind of at a distance from all of that on that stage. Look at that. Look at these two all of her sister, she doesn't find Megan interesting anymore just not getting anything out of us. Now she's turning your attention to someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, that's all in your head, what comes out of your mouth is just just active listening stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want it. You want to give me an example of how you get sucked in, like, give me some of the worst things people have said around your to you or you get sucked in.
Magan G.: Your statements.
Magan G.: I get sucked into these statements.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey what is, what is this Stephanie or a dad saying
Magan G.: Stephanie says
Magan G.: You're, you're, you're rude your route.
Magan G.: Dad says
Magan G.: You let him walk all over you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, James.
Magan G.: Know, Dad.
Magan G.: Oh, that
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you, you let your husband do that. Okay.
Magan G.: Yeah, yeah, or he'll say, like, you've lost yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember that one.
Magan G.: So like just you, you use statements.
Magan G.: Okay, those are not active, but those are things that have been said and those have pulled me in
Gwenevere Abriel: And your sister.
Magan G.: You're my sister, you're
Magan G.: You're
Magan G.: You're, you're not protecting your children. That's that one hurt the most
Magan G.: That one's the most painful one
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember, I'm not going to be bringing anything new. All of these are going to be familiar, you remember any pieces of what day
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Time, so that you can breathe, so that she can remember even more things to say. Do you remember the the stall.
Magan G.: Nothing, nothing.
Magan G.: You don't remember. No, no, it's I say nothing.
Magan G.: Nothing that
Gwenevere Abriel: Works, but then that would definitely work so you can
Magan G.: But they're waiting for a response. And I definitely noticed that in the meeting with Chris
Magan G.: When I didn't say something, it was like, hello, but I really did take a moment to just not just blurt out the first response.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can always say, I'm really listening.
Magan G.: I'm listening. I'm just, I'm considering what my response. I'm listening. I hear what you have to say, but
Magan G.: I know I'm overthinking it
Gwenevere Abriel: To how I listened to my tone. This is the difference. So if you say to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: YOU'RE QUIET. Man, what's going on, like, if that was asked of me, I would say, oh, yeah, I'm just really listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll try and say it like that to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Magan G.: You're quiet, man.
Magan G.: Okay. Can you say it like that. Can you say
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Hey, making your, your quiet.
Magan G.: I'm just really listening. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little less dramatic.
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the inflections are great, but it was a little saccharin so go more like you give a shit about me now care about me.
Magan G.: Okay okay again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh, hey, Megan, you're kind of quiet over there.
Magan G.: Yeah, I'm just really listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, perfect.
Magan G.: So fake in every way.
Magan G.: Really dead.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but it didn't, because what am I
Magan G.: Gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Say anything back to that. Oh, you're listening. Like, that's, that's great. You
Magan G.: Can't argue with me.
Magan G.: Yeah, cuz I'm
Listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so the only last thing to do is
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any feedback about which what you're hearing. Do you have any feedback about this. That might be the next thing someone might say if they're really done talking
Magan G.: Let me think on this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Magan G.: I would like to further
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I would like
Magan G.: To, I would like to further think on this. Um, I'll get back to you. Oh, man. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's
Gwenevere Abriel: The most difficult your sister with you're not you're not protecting your children was that the most difficult one. You heard
Magan G.: The most yeah the one you're not protecting your children, that one hurt the most out of all of
Gwenevere Abriel: Much it hurt because this and you went in. You got yourself offended by it, right, man.
Magan G.: Well, you're I think you're hitting way below the belt. When you are bringing motherhood into shit.
Magan G.: I would never knock another mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but you're using. See, now you're in a fight. Because here's what just happened. She said you and you said
Magan G.: I did. You're right.
Magan G.: You're into now and we're fighting
Magan G.: Because I just said you statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got in the ring, whereas before
Gwenevere Abriel: She was either in the ring by herself looking for someone to fight with and yelling out or a stage, same thing.
Magan G.: I don't want to get in the ring with her. I don't, I don't want to get in the ring with her. It hurt.
Magan G.: It hurt really bad.
Magan G.: I'm not gonna lie. It hurt me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so here's the here's the trick. Remember there's freedom in owning
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Have there been times where you fail you protect your child to the standard that you would have liked to go
Magan G.: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's all you need. You feel that you go, oh, that's things because there's been times I could have done.
Gwenevere Abriel: More better. That's in your head, you gotta do grand a truth otherwise they'd. Gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't go to right you're in deep fight with how could you call me a bad mother, really. I mean, you're in a fight with that one. And it's, it's just going to be all about protection. Well guess what, neither one of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were protected and you're going to both be really angry and projecting it on to all kinds of people. That's the trauma right there. Okay.
Magan G.: That why she protects it on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, she's got a lot of work to do, I hope, I hope she find someone to work with.
Magan G.: So do I.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a look. So if she it like there's lots of analogies, you got the cyclone. You've got the stage. You've got of the boxing ring, but all of them are separate and so when you hear that you're going to have a zing. You're gonna hurt. It's like dang, I went there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you all the same things you do with a Chris you quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Boy, that hurt. Yeah, there are some things I I don't really like thinking about, I guess I could have done more. Um, what, what, what are you thinking about your sister. Stephanie to
Gwenevere Abriel: Exist you
Magan G.: Know, sister. My sister is Alicia. Okay. Stephanie was your route.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah I the names go okay so Alicia. So yeah, Alicia.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that first part, you get that first part down, which is the same thing you were doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: With everybody else.
Magan G.: So I actively say to her out loud. Yeah, that hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, and why
Magan G.: Because yes, that hurt because there has been more than one said, I wish that
Magan G.: I would have done things better for Jared and McKenna.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect. And then hey, at least, Alicia, Alicia says whatever you call her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you feel about what I've been doing
Magan G.: How do
Magan G.: You say, I say, how do you feel about what I've been doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Now about my marriage and my family.
Magan G.: Oh, she's made that very apparent.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't matter. This is
Magan G.: Nothing. Okay. Um, how do you feel about what I've been doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Deletion to I think you're basically
Magan G.: Your week and your
Magan G.: You know your
Magan G.: Your weekend.
Magan G.: You're
Magan G.: Okay, it's manipulative you're controlling your
Magan G.: And and all of, I don't know why, but when it comes from her. It hurts so much more. Yeah.
Magan G.: Mike, it's it's equivalent to Andrews King when I feel a pain from him something that's hurtful. Something that stings. It's not as intense as it is from Andrew, but it's it's up wearing that ring. Yeah, it's, it's, it hurts me
Magan G.: Deeper than most.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would be the problem with just
Gwenevere Abriel: Boy, that really hurts.
Magan G.: I could say that boy that really hurts.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then shush, do you don't, I don't think you should
Magan G.: I think you keep I don't shush I fill in the silence.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know because there's some interesting things that can happen there. If you just say, boy. Yeah, I do have some some things I would have liked to have done differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does her to hear it from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then sure.
Magan G.: That's gonna take some practice.
Magan G.: Touch I
Magan G.: Never met anybody that oh
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm out of the ring. Because what she's up there. Yelling over she's in the boxing ring looking for someone to spar with she's looking down at you in the audience, and she's saying yeah well you know what kind of frickin mother. We do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, trying to get you in the ring,
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're looking at. Man, that hurts to hear that because I'm already like, you know, I got this guilt response. The shame responses and things that I didn't, I didn't protect what I wanted to, I was kind of busy just trying to survive in my own stuff. And boy, her to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: You shush.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what would she say to that.
Magan G.: I see it there. I don't know because I've seen Alicia.
Magan G.: since we were kids. She's been this way, he will push and and she will find any weakness. Anything that she can utilize against you. She has brought up.
Magan G.: Every dirty secret that she wasn't even privy to that I didn't welcome her into things that she saw growing up things that
Magan G.: She witnessed things that she heard things that she thinks she knows things she's heard from third party things she's heard from my ex husband. My ex best friend and she will utilize it against me as ammunition and I have never met anybody
Magan G.: Anybody like that can
Magan G.: Rip me apart.
Magan G.: With just
Magan G.: Well, no, because Andrews done it, too.
Magan G.: I told my dad that last night that I think they don't like each other because there are so much alike.
Magan G.: There are a lot of things that I do see in semblance, and then others. I don't
Magan G.: But I have never seen I've, I could never do I want to. And I've tried. I have tried to meet her words I've tried to go to that level and push those buttons and bring up
Magan G.: Rub your dirty shit in your face, but I cannot meet her level. I can't. I cannot get to where she can because my conscience and my heart tells me.
Magan G.: No. Now, can you feel that that hurts to even think of that she's yours a little sister.
Magan G.: She's your baby sister and I stopped.
Magan G.: I she keeps going.
Magan G.: And she keeps going.
Gwenevere Abriel: That she's going to continue to
Gwenevere Abriel: But you do have a way out. You're in the audience.
Magan G.: And i wanna i want to do this. I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you still love me.
Magan G.: She would probably go into shock.
Magan G.: If I said that
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm here, I'm in the audience.
Gwenevere Abriel: The only thing I asked her, that
Gwenevere Abriel: Her spit reached me from up in the ring, the spirit, she spit on me. It reached because you can split pretty far and it hit me and I wiped it out and I man that hurts to think about. I really set out to be just the best mom, I could be. And even then,
Gwenevere Abriel: I see how I missed the mark with the best of intentions.
A lot of love me.
Magan G.: And then how do they respond
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell me you know are
Magan G.: You ever seen that
Magan G.: I've never done that.
Course
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is
Magan G.: How they responded
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, the person I'm referring to as a narcissist. So they redirected it back to themselves. So no, it didn't work and I stayed happy.
Magan G.: And that's a lot of what I'm surrounded by
Gwenevere Abriel: only care about you.
Magan G.: You're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if I of course I care about of course your family unit. Therefore, including your sister, including everyone that you love. I do, too.
Magan G.: But, but your goal is, if
Gwenevere Abriel: You. I want you to be like, I can't believe I'm not completely compensating right now I'm noticing my heart is a little racy and unclench.
Magan G.: I want to cry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to cry but
Magan G.: My may be crying at this point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually brain is still working.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Magan G.: So do you still love me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So yeah, this hurts and
Magan G.: you still love me. I think she would tell. I think she would tell me
Magan G.: What does that have to do with anything, we're talking about. That's, that's what I'm thinking about right now.
And then what
Gwenevere Abriel: You just stay in your truth. See what I'm doing. I'm only talking about me, she can make up crap. All she wants to I'm sitting here in the audience saying I feel hurt. I'm wondering if you still love me and I'm still thinking about that right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just gonna say i i
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not use I'm in the ring. Once I'm in the you
Magan G.: I feel hurt.
Magan G.: I realized that some of the things that you have said carry truth and it stinks.
Magan G.: I'm wondering
Magan G.: What you think of that. I'm wondering if you still love me.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: What would she say okay well what does that have to do with our conversation.
Magan G.: What does it have to do with our conversation.
Magan G.: Because that's what's coming up for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful, that's beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then again, she would try it because she's an expert. Right.
Magan G.: She is very good. He is so good.
Magan G.: She will she's just like my mom that way. I love these are sparse.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the only way is just to disengage. It's this healthy detachment. You just disengage it doesn't mean you stop talking to them and then you just stay in your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: With defiance two hands on the hips. I will not change my mind just to accommodate your manipulation and gaslighting I stay in my truth right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really hard. I really want to talk to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Guys, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess I'm still feeling hurt. Maybe we could talk tomorrow.
Magan G.: I
Magan G.: I would like to talk to you. I would like to visit with you more. Because I I keep leaving early I've gone over there twice to try to hang out with her, but she started stirring up drama and talking about Brittany and
Magan G.: And Joel and the kids and all the stories that are being said and it's all, he said. She said, and I left early both times. And really, the only reason why I went over there was to spend time with ariela
Magan G.: And I do like seeing my sister, but
Magan G.: She's grown to be so unattractive to me that
Magan G.: On the inside
Magan G.: That I just
Magan G.: She said suffocating
Magan G.: She's literally suffocating when I'm around her. She takes every bit of energy, good, bad, ugly everything and she takes it for herself and then I have nothing left to give. So I walk away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, this predicates something else. And again, this means you only give what you have to give
Magan G.: That's going to be an interesting concept with this is
Magan G.: Because she won't come over to my house because she to hate Andrew she hates him.
Magan G.: So she won't come over here, unless it's like she needs something or wants something for me.
Magan G.: And if she does, it's it's uncomfortable and I try to Exeter out of my home because I would, I don't want to being rude in my own Tantra that's not okay. But when I go over there. I'm in her element. So I literally have to just say, Well, I'm getting tired. I haven't gotten any sleep.
Magan G.: And I worked all night. So I'm going to go ahead and go home.
Magan G.: Something wrong because she makes me feel guilty and like, Oh, well, you just got here. Oh, I haven't seen you in a while and
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't care.
Magan G.: I just don't want i want i want to turn her and say to her, Alicia.
Magan G.: I don't want to be around you right now, but I can't.
Magan G.: You're hurting me.
Magan G.: My every word you say hurts me
Gwenevere Abriel: stead of you.
Magan G.: Okay i i i feel tired right now, Alicia, and I don't have the energy to
Magan G.: To stay up and and
Magan G.: continue this conversation, I would like to try it another day.
Magan G.: Grace I and
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if it's sad to I'm feeling a little wiped out and sad. Some of the things you've been talking about today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just kind of in my head. Getting sad and I'm already pretty tired, but it is important to realize that keyword, but it is what you are talking importantly
Magan G.: What you are talking about is important to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really tired and a little preoccupied.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the head and can we can meet maybe continue this day when I'm retired and maybe a little more fresh
Gwenevere Abriel: And you move from your position. Oh, well great you come over here for for an hour and I barely get to see you, you're shooting.
Gwenevere Abriel: You say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I want to start going to really be available. And I just need some rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: When do you want to meet tomorrow and you redirect it. Notice I just asked a question.
Magan G.: Yeah, the question of redirecting when would be a good time to for me to come over again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. I mean, Jesus, I thought we were going to be talking today.
Magan G.: Oh, okay. Maybe we can try next week.
Magan G.: Okay. I love you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you
Magan G.: I do love you very much.
Magan G.: That was great.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know where we go
Magan G.: With that
Magan G.: Maybe, maybe even like that sometimes she surprises me. And I'm like, Oh, there she is.
Magan G.: A little girl. I remember
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, this is just handling this this chunk of where you hold on to yourself okay is enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't mind repeating these pieces over and over
Magan G.: Is this. Oh, it helps
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no, no, no problem. But this part that you don't have to remember, but it's probably going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't the history between you and your sister that you protected her as best you could
Magan G.: I did. I tried to protect her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And here's the thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to you with the wound. She's still going to you, although you don't feel it that way. She's coming at you with with the same
Gwenevere Abriel: But it feels like anger, but she's coming at you with here's a problem. What are you going to do with that with it. You are my hero before you're not taking it that way, but it's she's still looking for help. She just doesn't know how to get it.
Magan G.: No, and she's the most it honestly. She's almost angriest person. I, I know. And my dad said it last night like she's never going to change and
Magan G.: I. It breaks my heart, but I honestly see that if she doesn't correct some of these behaviors. She's going to lose you because I'm not going to be here forever. And there's only so much a person can take
Magan G.: And he said, you know, because I told him on Mother's Day, the day before Mother's Day. She called me and she said, I have a Mother's Day present for you. And I was so surprised.
Magan G.: Because she never buys me a gift. She never does stuff like that for me. And it's not that I'm expecting it, but it was it was a surprise for me and
Magan G.: I got her a book because it was her first Mother's Day a book that she and ariela can share together about mommy and baby.
Magan G.: And a gift card and the card and they went over there and I gave it to her. She opened it up. She seemed to like it. She didn't seem overzealous or anything, and said, thank you. And she said, Oh, your gift is in my car.
Magan G.: And
Magan G.: I was like, Okay, well, I'll get it some other time. So Arielle I asked if I could have referred our
Magan G.: And she bought her over and chill. Oh yeah, your Mother's Day gift. And she goes, I think it's in the back and she goes to the back of the car and I go with her. And she was like, oh, it's under the stroller. And all I see is this like brown bag squashed under the stroller.
Magan G.: And I'm like, Okay. And she's like, I'll just give it to you some other time. It's nothing special. And I was just like,
Magan G.: God I'm that bag.
Magan G.: You know, like I had such high hopes and you actually thought about me, you actually
Magan G.: Considered, me, you, you, you, and you don't give a flying fuck like it's just you just threw it away like a piece of trash and
Gwenevere Abriel: No Megan.
Magan G.: Is that it, that's how I felt.
Magan G.: That's exciting. I know that's not true.
Magan G.: But in that moment.
Magan G.: That is like
Magan G.: How I felt
Gwenevere Abriel: Everyone would have that experience.
I
Magan G.: Mean I still haven't gotten my Mother's Day gift I still haven't gotten it.
Magan G.: She's. She was like, Oh, I'll get it some other time again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but this is the push goal. This is just her pushing and pulling push pull
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this has nothing to do with you, I promise you. This is your sister's wound. I wish.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish she was in therapy so badly.
Magan G.: She would benefit, but one time she went to therapy.
Magan G.: She it was court ordered
Magan G.: And she went through therapy and the therapist requested that my mom go and my mom went and Alicia told her everything the truth of what happened to both me and her
Magan G.: And by the end of that therapy session, the court appointed counselor was telling my mother, like, Are you hearing your daughter, she's telling you that she was raped by your son.
Magan G.: And she refused to hear her and Alicia cried and
Magan G.: Every time that she ever talks about any form of therapy. She talks about that session and didn't route it if Dr. Like she really
Magan G.: It was it was court order. So she was forced to go
Gwenevere Abriel: That was poor judgment on the part of the therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, better judgment would be for a consent to have been obtained so that if it were me, it would be, I need to know that this mother can hear some shit has enough ego strength to actually own it and validate
Magan G.: Because otherwise she didn't
Magan G.: She didn't at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just like being not believed again.
Magan G.: It was that's exactly what Alicia said, and that's exactly how I felt when I told my mom. It felt like, Oh, you don't even believe me. So if my own mother won't believe me fucking will so
Magan G.: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so sorry that happened, but I try to tell you my ears just got really bad. Sorry.
Magan G.: That's okay. Take care. Take your time that
Gwenevere Abriel: Unfortunately, in, in
In my professional
Magan G.: Life delicate line.
Gwenevere Abriel: really subtle it's of course I would love your mother to be the good good enough. The 30% minimum, good mother that's necessary. You know, to have this this sort of life, but
Magan G.: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask it of everybody. That's why I don't ask the Andrews. I don't ask the Stephanie's I don't ask the
Gwenevere Abriel: Alicia has to be different.
Gwenevere Abriel: I asked you.
Magan G.: To be different. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: An adaptation that reminds you that you're enough a way that says what I have is already enough
Gwenevere Abriel: But I can't be in denial about it anymore. I have to say this is really happening. My sister is hurt and wounded.
Gwenevere Abriel: And still really hurting, and she is using anger to stay alive and she's not going to let it go. I hope she doesn't help. She doesn't collapse into a depression. I hope she keeps the anger going now. That's another perspective, keep it up, girl, you know, it is not about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: wanting it to be so is your own wounding, but you have a me and you have a you
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have your children and slowly but surely, you're going to surround yourself. You're going to notice healthy and healthier people because you're going to like who you are around them. They won't suck the life out of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll likely you are more and more and more and more and more moments of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But your sister may continue to only have anger and I don't want her to let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because she might collapse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see that's a different perspective.
Magan G.: No, absolutely. That's a wonderful perspective.
Magan G.: It makes it makes me think, like, if that's the only thing that's keeping her alive. It's only thing it's keeping her all together, then keep your anger.
Magan G.: Because they only thing that can help you be a mother and get through your day then
The angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: It because the because out here as a therapist. When I see is you either do that you do drugs you cut you burn you drink you you sex you overwork you sleep.
Magan G.: All the above. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You access or you kill yourself.
Magan G.: I've done all those things. So for the gambling and killing myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank goodness
Magan G.: Yeah. No, but seriously, that's true. I do always wonder though like
Gwenevere Abriel: Crack down or you go crazy or you can go crazy. You can do that one too.
Magan G.: I haven't done that one either.
Magan G.: But I have always wondered
Magan G.: Or I've at least tried to wonder, because Andrew said it to me one time, he said, it must be so difficult being the mother.
Magan G.: Of all three.
Magan G.: In that situation, the one is the offender and two victims and you're the mother of all of them.
Magan G.: And that really did put in things into perspective, because she really just
Magan G.: couldn't give me any more than what she she gave
Gwenevere Abriel: So Megan, let's process what today was like go inward.
Magan G.: It was insightful.
Magan G.: Curious
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you come away with today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Magan G.: Um, and
Magan G.: A desire to explore that curiosity.
Magan G.: I think that's what I'm walking away with today.
Gwenevere Abriel: My invitation is to dip out of the ring and. Watch it. Watch the cyclone watch the performance watch triangulation. Watch the boxing ring.
Gwenevere Abriel: And care about the dynamics from a distance. And yes, you're a player but look at it from a distance. It's just a Megan over there, not you. It's just that's playing out. Just get some distance from it for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you want that character to do see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You would want her to be resilient. We wanted to breathe. You'd rather take care of herself.
Gwenevere Abriel: We need some distance from this. I feel sorry for Alicia let this is all she's got is rang or she's taking out all on her sister. She's therapist. She needs someone who knows how to handle that anger. She needs some
Gwenevere Abriel: That will take care of her, who will protect her.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not about you. You can love her. Any way, the way she's. Same way, she can love you. Okay, you can love her anyway can just see that anger is something else. It's just, it's an adaptation. She's doing the best you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to figure out what I'm doing with this next Friday thing.
Magan G.: You'll tell
Magan G.: Me Um, let me know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seems like I mean, right. Come on, help me with this math if it's
Magan G.: Not good at math.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's eight o'clock here. It's going to be 7am in in in in Seattle. Right.
Magan G.: Yes, because that's Pacific time. Correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's no enough my thing doesn't start until 10 nine 939 30 Pacific Pacific time. Okay. So then, so let me turn seven people together here. So, this will be Mountain Standard
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay equivalent is so we would be starting at nine. So then that would be nine, it would actually be nine to 10 Pacific Standard Time. And then it's
Gwenevere Abriel: The earlier keys, it'd be seven grief. It'd be seven to eight pacific standard and this one the gal. I mean with is really, it's 6am to 7am pacific standard. So that's how I'm meeting with you. So really, really and truly over on Pacific Ocean side.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be eight o'clock, and we're done. I think we can meet. I think we're okay I'll double check myself. It's hard to hold three time zones and same time
But I'll fingers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Magan G.: Let me know. And then I will officially meet you next Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, that I can't do because I am I'm on a zoom. Believe it or not, there's this there's like 25 people in this zoom training. It's actually for the somatic transformation work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I've got to be plunked down here for quite a few hours and won't be able to get from Albuquerque to hear quite quite in time.
Magan G.: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna, we're gonna we're going to do something that will find something. Um, how about I just, I'll let you know.
Magan G.: What's available.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll let you know. Hey, I'm thinking to go in Albuquerque. Hey, I'm thinking to go in Albuquerque. Hey, I'm thinking, everyone Albuquerque, and you just say, yeah, no, yeah, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I'm off at this time. Don't you don't owe me any explanation just oh I'm I'm working or or I'm off at this time. You know what I'm trying to say you don't
Absolutely.
Magan G.: Okay, that sounds great, that'll work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool. And then we'll talk soon and but we're for sure set plus
Magan G.: Next Friday.
Magan G.: unless something changes with your stuff. And we'll just do the week after.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Magan G.: All right, thank you you as well. Bye bye.